It’s a typo from fighting off exhaustion. Hours earlier I finished taking the program to where I expect hypotheses are cognitively formed. I was thrilled to have made it that far so fast. If things did not go this well then the coding could have required weeks of aggravating experimenting. With that pressure removed and my already getting a little tired from programming I thought I should write (what was supposed to have been) a short message just to say that I was already caught up on what most had me under pressure from not having had time to work on it. I also wanted to quickly explain what I was warning not to get stuck in (probably many thousands of years old) that will make you rip yourself to pieces, where you become public enemy number one to cultural leaders taking their time right behind your back, setting the stage for your downfall. Early southern slave plantation owners would have seen nothing wrong in a song about following a river that the slaves sing all day while working. But the lyrics encouraged revolution, by explaining how to travel up-north via Underground Railroad, which soon saw much traffic. There was also a Mexican revolution where art and music created folklore that united the masses against super-wealthy who exploited peasants they controlled in an enslaving way. Now we have JoeG and others ripping themselves to pieces, while some were dragged into court over Dover with the entire “scientific community” against them like Kathy did for following state mandated procedure in regard to public hearings for what the Discovery Institute followed procedure for making an issue with a couple of largely symbolic changes like a theory being a “best explanation” which (where explained as I do) is true anyway. But back then it was seen as trying to fix something not broken, then chaos erupted that escalated to a professor getting beaten-up and people willing to serve jail time where they have to, to win the ID culture-war that the Discovery Institute started with a wedge strategy.

From what Kathy explained to me, they were being culturally bombarded by the Atheism movement that did will with rebellious youth of the late 1990’s and scientific establishment that helped degrade them. Even had the Flying Spaghetti Monster satire where Kathy gave that movement just what they wanted her to say when she warned bad things can happen from mocking God. As it turns out though the FSM patron pirate still leading on in that regard is me, which metaphorically makes what Kathy said true, but the rebellious youth of back then now with rebellious kids of their own can look back in time to be glad the conflict had an educational component where everyone ends up knowing a lot more than we did back then, where a Theory of Intelligent Design emerges that I’m more or less teaching in this thread but it’s not all bad and sure not from the think-tank so it’s now metaphorically the pirating the DI, with their own theory.  Pastafarians can be into that, even though Kathy gets to say “I told you so” in response to there not being something scientific in the challenge of at least trying to come up with something useful from what the DI explained to Kansas at the hearing, regardless of its religious implications that are really no different than with Evolutionary Theory where now Evolutionary Creationism is hip.

Soon all will be a creationist of one sort or another, with Atheists just saying it was a “just chemical reactions” creation which where one generalizes is true too, but that does explain how consciousness works or help answer the big-questions nearly all yearn to answer. So yes Kathy is religious as heck and always managed to only stir things up by off the top of her mind saying something that only stirred things up even more, but during reelection she brilliantly answered a KCFS questionnaire that showed she was one with her local NSTA peers and fully capable of handling the issues expected in the next 4 years, and passed the torch able to say that the more hands-on standards in the works are an improvement. In reality board meetings are normally for mundane issues like bussing costs and budgeting, that she had much experience with, with the hearing gone crazy and else from the hoopla was something out of the ordinary. Once you know her you know why it’s really nothing to get overly shook about. What she was hoping for is the Theory of Intelligent Design the DI was talking about be given a fair hearing that is now happening here, by my going around from forum to forum on the internet with her creation, that comes from not minding her way-religious way of seeing things, that goes with what she said that were right-on in regards to science and science education. What she was hoping for is the theory having educational value for the receiving end of what makes many of the people she was elected to serve rip themselves to pieces like earlier explained. From a better scientific understanding comes culture changing something that “the scientists” had to figure out by following the evidence wherever it leads from the premise of the theory the DI thousands of times repeated (in my signature line) that spells out the challenge. Need to put that into a useful scientific context, or it’s forever divisive controversy that does have a way of moving science along but where Kansas is closer than you ever imagined to civil war from so many having been made scientifically and culturally powerless. But little things like the egg and oil experiments she encouraged (not get shook about) led to our introducing the concept of “self-assembly” to US science teachers through the NSTA journal ultimately publishing it, not the usual side that finds a way of including a slap in the face in how new to teaching concepts are taught. Scientists were experimenting with self-assembly so it’s no news to the scientific community but it was on the horizon to be where Kathy’s at in K-12 education, where she did not mind ushering that in by showing around either. The powerless had power on that one, which in turn changed how Creation Science viewed the concept, where with all said in no way takes the fun out the search for our Creator. If it takes crazy sounding things that Kathy said then so be it.

I go with the flow of what the situation offers in regards to producing a peaceful scientific revolution where we all have a lot of fun and learn new things from all the science chaos that brought everyone together. That takes a real Theory of Intelligent Design able to change how things go in the worst of forums especially this one, that Kathy can approve of, to keep a fair-hearing going somewhere other than board of education meetings, by the ruckus now being in this forum by the challenge moving around and up the ladder where the scientists are needed to find things to assimilate that were thought up by those thinking that would hurt it not help it. 

Where you wonder why I’m here, it’s to keep what started back in the radio pirate past that met up with Kathy to become the Theory of Intelligent Design she needed to have fun with science too. It now shows progress towards somewhere we have never been that shows what she was talking about being in such a challenge that was worth making happen. Religiously we find a reciprocal causation through chemistry microcosm that qualifies as a prayer path that influences cellular and molecular intelligence we can consciously feel that is there too, but in theology they would say they already knew that and are just thankful science is finally making progress figuring that out.

The theory is very faith-friendly, where in parts sounds right out of Genesis where in own image, likeness, worked to explain how emergence of one thing from the behavior of another has those properties. I did not leave it out of the official text of the theory to download. The theory this way explains what theology needs to know to reconcile science and religion, without the theory having to get religious about it. The theory used culture established word meanings to show where that is, in its logic structure, along with a Chromosomal Adam and Eve that actually does help operationally define the word “human” which is otherwise not so easy and very subjective as to where that can be narrowed down to one or a few couples of interest who scientifically qualify in that way. Dating has them just before tool-makers are found in the fossil and archeological evidence of their direct descendants that now includes us. It’s not arguing against established science, it’s showing where they are chromosomally in the scientific evidence, for those who are at least thankful for that being there to muddle this forum and follow up on because of my hunch they had to run for clothes but no solid evidence for yet. That would further make science read like Genesis, so it’s a starting point Kathy’s grandkids would go from there with that has her in it, not something from what Kathy and others most feared using science to culturally destroy them their descendants are expected to be ashamed of that happened in their family history. That might not be a big deal to some in this forum but it is where many need a happy ending after all to the calamity in Kansas that went all over the US causing trouble after that. 

How much history was going long ago changed and now none who matter have to look back in anger over that. In turn this forum ends up against history makers who already won and nothing said in this forum can ever change that, it’s already said and done not something you can change, that has a way of undermining anyone who messes with how history goes where it most matters by attacking a theory with them in it too.

Message being communicated through what most might not notice between Flying Nun reruns is the happy ending strategy looking like it works elsewhere, and must myself remember not to become a tyrant by further explaining what the thrill of the chase and all that seems to boil down to (at least does exist in that way) so none panic from not knowing the details I had to better explain. It’s not something new that I created, just something that I learned to respect, so as not to similarly become a victim of my own demise. This theory makes it so that you’re up against culture change that already happened elsewhere where it’s now in historical folklore with none there in support of changing that, and other great soul searchers who find nothing wrong with a theory that fairly kicks butt in this forum in a way that makes them all proud. Culture changes work with the best they can find that exists around for scientific guidance towards what they are searching for that helps makes a song or something that has a before its time thought that gives it lasting power from being on the wave of something real.

The theory only has to drive a forum like this one crazy for it to demonstrate how well it works, where that sort of thing works for the people who only need that to not have been defeated by the scientific establishment by having nothing to show for their suffering such public humiliation. But to be fair to all a happy ending has to be there even Wesley who pressures like crazy for more and more “hypothesis” related detail I had to keep you informed about where I’m now at in the software project so you know I’m still working on it. First had to figure out what a hypothesis was well enough for an “Ah ha!” moment that made it possible to narrow where that is in the computer model, to provide earlier detail where that is in the circuit.

For brain-like programming sake, I now think that keeping it as simple as possible requires drawing easy to convert to logic diagrams like scientists use but I’m not exactly sure it’s called or have list of them where an adder is “+” in a circle like (+) and so forth like in papers. It’s then easy to get complex with something relatively simple mouse clicks in a widening circuit where a sensory input bus layer on one side to Confidence data that is incremented or decremented by one in response to how confident it is that the response that is memory will work. Where that becomes complex the bus lines become different “layers” where one is for Forward/Reverse motor system and another layer for the Left/Right motor system dedicated to changing that direction vector.

Sensory readings to form the conditional part of a hypothesis is on the other side and running parallel to bus lines that control Guess that produces the antecedent of a hypotheses where it turns out as in earlier velociraptor related example the conditional that produced the hypothesis that they wrote in cursive makes no sense what produced it yet a testable hypothesis is none the less there.

I’m confident that I now know what is needed to make Wesley a believer too, where it’s circuited like in papers and on its own forms layers that together produce hypotheses. So I’ll see what I can do to make where hypotheses come from more obvious that way, where we can all then see what I’m talking about, that should help explain a whole lot of things we argued over in the thread, while the forum works on this long message explaining more that you need to know, to make full sense of what I was talking about. Where someone in the control room on purpose sent an almost subliminal message it’s in flying nun programming helping to cope with Wesley’s prodding not something subversive that gets personal. Just makes you wonder where certain things come from, where regardless of where they did became part of what helps direct the thought in the theory that now challenges some in this forum, without it having to be the end of the world just because it can. 
